# Privacy-enhancing-Interleaved-Pseudonym-Distribution-for-Vehicular-Communication-Systems

Vehicular Communication Systems (VCSs) enhance safety by enabling communication among vehicles and road-side infrastructure. To provide secure communication and privacy, a Vehicular Public-Key Infrastructure (VPKI) distributes long-term and temporary credentials (pseudonyms) to validate Cooperative Awareness Messages (CAMs) and other communication by registered vehicles. However, improperly designed pseudonym-based privacy techniques are still vulnerable to pseudonymlinking based on their issuer, i.e., a specific Pseudonymous Certification Authority (PCA) that signed the pseudonyms in one batch, in the presence of PCAs. As each PCA digitally signs pseudonyms, the presence of distinct PCAs makes linking pseudonyms easier. We propose two strategies, Interleaved Pseudonym Distribution (IPD) and Random Interleaved Pseudonym Distribution (RIPD), to mitigate linking. Multi-PCA collaboration allows distributing interleaved pseudonyms (issued by different PCAs), reducing linkability. To assess our scheme privacy enhancement, a $PCA_{id}$-based pseudonym linking algorithm is developed utilizing a Kalman filter and road information to track vehicles. Simulation results show that IPD provides a moderate improvement in pseudonym confusion, while RIPD significantly disrupts $PCA_{id}$-based linking, enhancing vehicle privacy. The proof-of-concept implementation of our scheme shows the efficiency of our scheme, compared to the baseline that a single PCA issues all pseudonyms within one request.